>> Brian Holt: So let's go make
everything a synchronous cuz why not?
So we're gonna get rid off
search params as well and results.
And then we're gonna do
basically the same thing here.
Global details, we'll just make
a couple copies of that one we'll call
loadable results, I call this results,
and this will be loadable search params.
And this would be for search params,
now the first thing you might say here,
this is a little bit of
repetition can we make like some
sort of like higher order component.
Yeah you absolutely could, like there's
and that would probably be better, but
I think for this case we
are just going to keep it simple.
And come back down here,
and say loadable-results and
loadable-search-params, okay?
Now notice that on every page load,
we'll have two bundles loaded, and
you'll notice what results
got loaded here, and
then we'll go to search params page and
yet another bundle will be loaded.
Now this is wasteful, if we're being
totally honest with ourselves.
This page we just loaded ten kilobytes,
and that unminified and ungzips, so
that's actually the biggest it could be,
right?
You need to be shaving off like, I'm going
to guess like 20 to 20 plus kilobytes at
the very very least of gzipped application
code before this become worth it, right.
Because otherwise you're not really adding
too much in fact you gonna make user wait
when they try navigate to
the different pages, and
so it's balance, and this is something
you should definitely track.
You wanna be cutting off like a quarter
second, a half second you have to making
real dense into this, otherwise you're
making your code more abstract and
harder to follow, right this is going
to be a little more difficult to debug.
You're introducing more network
latency into your application, so
there's a bunch of problems
with this as well.
It's not always going to be a silver
bullet that's going to make your
application better.
You should be shaving off a lot.
But like let me show you how much
of a difference it can make.
You don't have to follow this I'm
just gonna show you if I import or
sorry, MPM install lodash,
lodash is quite, quite large.
And just for
fun lets install moment JS as well,
two pretty large libraries.
Then I'm going to go into
maybe the details page here,
and I'm going to import
lodash from lodash.
This would normally be an underscore,
right?
And import moment from moment right, and
just to use them I'm gonna
say consul.log load.
So I'm doing this just so I include
these libraries into my bundle now.
This is gonna balloon my bundle.
I'm going to RPM run def here.
>> Brian Holt: It's smart enough to
actually go and recognize that moment and
load Azure only imported in details,
right?
So it's not gonna load upfront,
and it's not gonna load them
in the another bundles.
So I am in details list should be good.
Hard refresh in this page,
notice that the results page 15 kilobyte,
now if I go into details,
I click on blue here, 745 kilobytes.
So this would be a good point for
us to introduce code splitting.
So hopefully now you're kinda getting the
picture like this is when it's useful and
this is when it's not useful.
Again it's not a silver bullet,
It's definitely a trade off.
Any time that you're
introducing network latency,
you need to be asking yourself
some questions, right.
You want to cut down on how
many API calls your making,
you want to cut down on how
many bundles your doing.
So you have to make
the appropriate trade off here.
Does it make sense cool, so
this is again a big reason why
I'm a big fan of code splitting.
You can get your bundles really,
really small.
I have a separate conference
talk that my slides are up and
it also on YouTube called ten KB or Bust,
how to get your application under ten
kilobytes on that initial page load.
Spoiler alert, you can't use react,
you actually have to switch to preact,
which I will show you
how to do later today.
[LAUGH] Do we have any
questions about this?
It's pretty cool, right?
Like this was pretty much free, I just
set up an import statement and it worked.
I think that's really cool.